hey guys Katie here happy friday i was
going to do my reading diversely tag
this week but that is really hard to do
actually so i'm going to take some more
time on that and hopefully have that
next week but for now i thought i would
just talk a little bit about what i'm
reading this weekend you may have seen
my review the other day for ancillary
justice well right now i am very close
to finishing ancillary stored by and
lucky and really loving it it's been an
awesome rate and it definitely lives up
to ancillary justice i have no idea
what's going to happen and that's really
cool because i feel like with what i
usually read you know I know pretty much
what's going on so it's a it's a great
experience and I will link my review to
ancillary justice below if you haven't
seen it yet and look for a review to
this very soon I said a while ago that I
was going to do a buddy read with Lisa
at my brookville to and Heather logical
Betty and some other people for solace
by gail carriger and I may start this
this weekend because I know Heather just
started it and I think Lisa already
finished it so I'm looking forward to
this it's very different from what I
usually read and I think it might be fun
who knows i like steampunk this theme
punk right and finally in my TBR for
this month i mentioned the shadow of the
wind by carlos ruiz is effin and i got
such a response that i feel like i need
to read this immediately so I definitely
want to read this this weekend and I
actually haven't read much this month
because of stuff life whatever so and
this is a really big book and I am ready
to get started and I hear it's going to
be incredible but that's about it I do
have some plans this weekend we're doing
a friendsgiving with some friends and
that'll be really great better than that
i'm hoping to laser and read and play
video games i just want to say thanks a
lot for all the comments on my recent
videos my review of the secret history
in my review of ancillary justice those
were both difficult reviews to do and i
really appreciate that people enjoyed
them and that we can talk about the
books and just all around it was so
great so thank you so much if you
commented or watch or whatever what are
you reading this weekend
and are you doing any friends giving I
don't know this is my first year doing
friends can I talk to you guys in the
comments and I will see you later bye
you